The robot can operate in numerous environments, these include urban,
desert, and forest. The only environments that the robot will have trouble
in are places that have a very high humidity percentage. The robot will
also fail in an environment that it will get wet.

Are you tired of always having to defuse explosive ordinance by hand? Are
you spending too much time and money constantly training new EOD
personnel? Have insurance and disability payments become too high for your
company/security firm/private military to bear? Well look no further!
iRobotTheBomb, in partnership with DoJJ inc., has an innovative and
stunning solution to the issue of high explosive disposal and reclamation.
The brand new Secure Command Reclamation and Utility Machine, S.C.R.U.M.,
is a fully functional robotic ordinance disposal platform that removes the
human element from all of your high risk explosive disposal needs! With
responsive integrated wireless controls the S.C.R.U.M. will safely and
reliably make intricate movements needed to manipulate volatile compounds
and devices that plague your local workplace/public arena/warzone. If a
device is deemed too dangerous to move or render innate then our robot is
fully equipped to perform an Onsite Disposal. The S.C.R.U.M. will DEFUSE
any tense situation, halt the BOOM in health care costs, and help you
avoid getting BLOWN AWAY by the competition/enemy.

iRobot is the most reliable bomb removal device on the market today. This
robot if you should choose to buy it will remove any excess bombs that you
should happen to have on your property. The robot is equipped with the
most state of the art bomb diffusal and removal technology that has ever
been attached to a robot. The robot hovers five inches above the ground so
it will never set off any of those pesky land mines, in fact the inferred
sensor is pointed directly underneath the robot so when it hovers over a
mine it will sense it defuse it and remove it. Don’t worry about having to
dispose of anything the robot is fitted with a state of the art trash
compactor, in fact the robot uses the trash to power its’ energy cells so
that means less charging. 

We here at DoJJ Inc hold such high expectations of our product that if our
robot were to shut down unexpectedly, or were to inconceivably detonate
the bomb right in your face, rather than defuse it, we will immediately
send a replacement with slightly upgraded software with hopes that the
same event doesn't happen to you again in the future. Please note that
this policy is only guaranteed for two years after purchase. After two
years, the replacement policy downgrades into a simple 50% off discount on
the purchase of your bomb-disposing robot.

